Hi $[FNAME|Multi-Etch user]$,

We want you to be successful with Multi-Etch in whatever
ways you are using it, so we’ve tested it extensively on a
variety of metals, both reactive and nonreactive, for
purposes including anodizing, cleaning, welding prep and
more. We’ve tested heated as well as room temperature
Multi-Etch.

View our comprehensive etch rates charts:
https://www.multietch.com/etch-rates

If your procedures are working for you, there’s no need to
change anything.

We did find that room-temperature, double strength
Multi-Etch, after having been activated by heating it one
time, etches more quickly. When prepping for anodization or
welding, we recommend starting at two minutes instead of
ten.

Take a look at our full etch rates for titanium:
https://www.multietch.com/etching-titanium-multietch

Or our index of etch rates for other metals
https://www.multietch.com/etch-rates

These also include information for using Multi-Etch as a
cleaner or to remove debris from some metals, and to
remove anodized colors on reactive metals.

Here's an image --
https://campaign-image.com/zohocampaigns/1_zc_v8_722626000000959071.jpeg
-- of the results of testing grade 4 titanium strips for
anodizing and welding prep in room-temperature Multi-Etch.
We etched for varying amounts of time, from 30 seconds to 5
minutes. You’ll notice that the high voltage pinks look
great!

We hope this information is helpful to you. We’re always
available if you have any questions -- just reply to this
email.

Happy etching!

Chris Boothe
Multi-Etch Answer Man
https://multietch.com

---

https://www.facebook.com/multietch
https://www.instagram.com/multietch
https://www.youtube.com/multietch
https://twitter.com/multietch
https://www.linkedin.com/company/multietch

---

You’re receiving this email because you have purchased
Multi-Etch, done business with us in the past, or signed up
to receive our newsletter on the MultiEtch.com website.

Unsubscribe:
$[LI:UNSUBSCRIBE]$

Multi-Etch, LLC
P.O. Box 9
Clarkdale, AZ 86324 USA

“Multi-Etch” is a registered trademark of Exotica Jewelry,
Inc. Text, logos, and images are copyrighted by Multi-Etch,
LLC or their respective copyright-holders as noted in the
text.
