Dear $[FNAME|Multi-Etch User|Multi-Etch User]$,

We developed Multi-Etch in 1993 in order to use something
safer than hydrofluoric acid to etch titanium. Although
still considered hazardous, Multi-Etch has grown steadily
for the last 15 years as the safer alternative. Not all uses
of hydrofluoric have a safer alternative but using
Multi-Etch to strip off the naturally-occuring oxide layer
on titanium is a no-brainer.

This is one in a series of free online classes from IPEC
Global [http://ipecglobal.com/] about etching and anodizing
titanium. The information is not new but is still very
relevant. There are several more lessons on anodizing that
are available free with an email:
https://www.anodizetitanium.com

ETCHING SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES: AN OVERVIEW

By Mark Emilio, IPEC Global

I want to say from the outset that I consider titanium
anodizing to be one of the most environmentally friendly and
safest kinds of metal finishing or anodizing being done
today. That said, depending upon which chemicals you choose,
the potential risks to the environment and the safety of
your employees are factors that you need to be aware of. You
also have to understand that there are numerous options in
the kinds of chemistry you can choose. This means that you
can increase or decrease the risks of doing titanium
anodizing by simply choosing the proper chemicals, equipment
and procedures.

Environmental and safety concerns are not the same thing.
They are regulated by different agencies and each has its
own problems and solutions. When talking about environmental
and safety issues, the best thing you can do for yourself is
to be informed. And the worst thing you can do is to stick
your head in the sand, ignore the regulations, and hope
nobody finds out. IPEC Global has been doing this kind of
work for the past 30 years and have learned that you can do
this and do it well, but only if you decide to do it right.

CONTINUE READING:
https://www.multietch.com/blog/etching-safety-environmental-issues

There are still companies that have been using HF for a long
time and for those companies, we offer the following new
protocols for using hydrofluoric acid (PDF) from Carnegie Mellon University’s
Hydrofluoric Acid Safety Program:
https://www.cmu.edu/ehs/Laboratory-Safety/chemical-safety/documents/sop-for-the-use-of-hydrofluoric-acid.pdf

Happy etching!

Chris Boothe

Multi-Etch Answer Man

https://www.multietch.com

https://www.facebook.com/multietch
https://www.instagram.com/multietch
https://www.youtube.com/multietch
https://twitter.com/multietch
https://www.linkedin.com/company/multietch

You’re receiving this email because you have purchased
Multi-Etch, done business with us in the past, or signed up
to receive our newsletter on the MultiEtch.com website.

Unsubscribe:
$[LI:UNSUBSCRIBE]$

Multi-Etch, LLC
P.O. Box 9
Clarkdale, AZ 86324 USA

“Multi-Etch” is a registered trademark of Exotica Jewelry,
Inc. Text, logos, and images are copyrighted by Multi-Etch,
LLC or their respective copyright-holders as noted in the
text.
